#   Allows crafting spawners
spawncraft_spawner (Allow spawner recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting zombie eggs
spawncraft_zombie (Allow zombie egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting husk eggs
spawncraft_husk (Allow husk egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting skeleton eggs
spawncraft_skeleton (Allow skeleton egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting stray eggs
spawncraft_stray (Allow stray egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting wolf eggs
spawncraft_wolf (Allow wolf egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting spider eggs
spawncraft_spider (Allow spider egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting cave spider eggs
spawncraft_cave_spider (Allow cave spider egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting bat eggs
spawncraft_bat (Allow bat egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting cat eggs
spawncraft_cat (Allow cat egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting chicken eggs
spawncraft_chicken (Allow chicken egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting cod eggs
spawncraft_cod (Allow cod egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting cow eggs
spawncraft_cow (Allow cow egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting glow squid eggs
spawncraft_glow_squid (Allow glow squid egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting squid eggs
spawncraft_squid (Allow squid egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting horse eggs
spawncraft_horse (Allow horse egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting parrot eggs
spawncraft_parrot (Allow parrot egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting pig eggs
spawncraft_pig (Allow pig egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting rabbit eggs
spawncraft_rabbit (Allow rabbit egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting salmon eggs
spawncraft_salmon (Allow salmon egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting sheep eggs
spawncraft_sheep (Allow sheep egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting snow golen eggs
spawncraft_snow_golen (Allow snow golen egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting squid eggs
spawncraft_squid (Allow squid egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting strider eggs
spawncraft_strider (Allow strider egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting villager eggs
spawncraft_villager (Allow villager egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting bee eggs
spawncraft_bee (Allow bee egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting enderman eggs
spawncraft_enderman (Allow enderman egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting iron golem eggs
spawncraft_iron_golem (Allow iron golem egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting llama eggs
spawncraft_llama (Allow llama egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting polar bear eggs
spawncraft_polar_bear (Allow polar bear egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting blaze eggs
spawncraft_blaze (Allow blaze egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting creeper eggs
spawncraft_creeper (Allow creeper egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting guardian eggs
spawncraft_guardian (Allow guardian egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting ghast eggs
spawncraft_ghast (Allow ghast egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting magma cube eggs
spawncraft_magma_cube (Allow magma cube egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting pillager eggs
spawncraft_pillager (Allow pillager egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting vindicator eggs
spawncraft_vindicator (Allow vindicator egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting ravager eggs
spawncraft_ravager (Allow ravager egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting shulker eggs
spawncraft_shulker (Allow shulker egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting silverfish eggs
spawncraft_silverfish (Allow silverfish egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting slime eggs
spawncraft_slime (Allow slime egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting vex eggs
spawncraft_vex (Allow vex egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting wither skeleton eggs
spawncraft_wither_skeleton (Allow wither skeleton egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting ender dragon eggs
spawncraft_ender_dragon (Allow ender dragon egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting wither eggs
spawncraft_wither (Allow wither egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting witch eggs
spawncraft_witch (Allow witch egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting dolphin eggs
spawncraft_dolphin (Allow dolphin egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting hoglin eggs
spawncraft_hoglin (Allow hoglin egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting piglin eggs
spawncraft_piglin (Allow piglin egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting zombie villager eggs
spawncraft_zombie_villager (Allow zombie villager egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting zombie pigman eggs
spawncraft_zombie_pigman (Allow zombie pigman egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting evoker eggs
spawncraft_evoker (Allow evoker egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting elder guardian eggs
spawncraft_elder_guardian (Allow elder guardian egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting killer bunny eggs
spawncraft_killer_bunny (Allow killer bunny egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting evoker eggs
spawncraft_evoker (Allow evoker egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting illusioner eggs
spawncraft_illusioner (Allow illusioner egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting piglin brute eggs
spawncraft_piglin_brute (Allow piglin brute egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting tropical fish eggs
spawncraft_tropical_fish (Allow tropical fish egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting zombie horse eggs
spawncraft_zombie_horse (Allow zombie horse egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting skeleton horse eggs
spawncraft_skeleton_horse (Allow skeleton horse egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting ocelot eggs
spawncraft_ocelot (Allow ocelot egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting donkey eggs
spawncraft_donkey (Allow donkey egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting mule eggs
spawncraft_mule (Allow mule egg recipe) bool true

#	Allows crafting endermite eggs
spawncraft_endermite (Allow endermite egg recipe) bool true

#   Allows crafting axlotl eggs
spawncraft_axlotl (Allow axlotl egg recipe) bool true